In January, we had the privilege to do a shepherding visit on the Angola branch.
And Angola, like a number of other countries in Africa, is one of those countries that
has experienced sustained growth for a number of years.
For the past 10 years, they've averaged every year about 5.5% growth in publishers.
So that means they went from 108,000 publishers in 2014 to 170,000 in this last report.
An increase of over 61,000 new ones in the past 10 years.
But it's interesting.
Each branch has its own unique circumstances.
In Angola, one interesting thing about it is 170,000 publishers nationwide, but almost
130,000 live in the capital, Luanda.
So 75% of their publishers live in the capital city.
And that presents some interesting situations.
For example, while we were there, the Kukka assembly hall was dedicated.
And here's a picture of it being used for an assembly or a convention.
And they have their baptism pool there and beautiful assembly hall changing rooms in the back.
And then I think we have a little cutie there with our Bible in attendance.
Interesting thing, no parking at all, no parking lot for the Kukka assembly hall, but it's
not needed.
All the friends just walk because there are so many of the witnesses there in the city.
In a 1 kilometer radius of that assembly hall, there are 45 congregations, 2800 publishers,
in a 2 kilometer radius from that assembly hall.
There are 124 congregations, nearly 8,000 publishers.
Now a new facility, a school facility, is being built in Kukksi, which is just outside
of Luanda.
And in the planning process, their brothers wanted to make sure that there would be enough
local friends in the area that could support that school facility with food needs or maintenance,
cleaning things like that.
And so they did a little review.
And they found that in a 2 kilometer radius of the school location, there are 36 congregations,
600 publishers, in a 10 kilometer radius.
There are 611 congregations, 47,000 publishers.
So there's plenty of publishers right there to support that, but many of them in the city.
And so as you can imagine, with so many publishers in the city, it's difficult to keep up with
the demand for new kingdom halls.
Kingdom halls in the city are more expensive to build and they're more complicated to build.
And so it's not uncommon for a kingdom hall to have a situation where they're supporting
maybe 10 congregations.
So every weeknight, there has to be two meetings.
So one meeting starts at 5.30, and then the other meeting starts at 8, which is 15 minutes
in between.
And a number of Bethelites have that kind of a situation.
Well, the LDC is working hard, building as many kingdom halls as possible.
They hope to add 40 new kingdom halls this year.
But in the meantime, everyone who wants a Bible study is getting one.
Everyone who wants to come to a meeting can come to one.
And then we just keep working hard to provide the kingdom halls as needed.
Assembly halls are also needed, and in rural areas in Angola, the brothers just do the best
they can to construct a bit of a shelter to keep the brothers out of the sun and out
of the rain.
And one of the branch committee brothers, a single brother from South Africa, sent us
a few pictures from a convention that he attended last summer.
So you can see the brothers did the best they could to provide a little shelter.
But they've got the screens, they're getting the program, they have a baptism pool, and
so forth.
And the friends camp right there, right next to the assembly hall, they bring their tents,
and they're just walking.
So they just set up their tents, and they camp there.
They get up early in the morning to get their water from the nearby well, and the young
ones do that.
It's a beautiful picture.
Even in this humble venue, the brothers still want to do what they can to contribute.
And so that touched our heart to see that little contribution box there, and they're doing
everything they can to support the work.
Well, one solution to help friends in this kind of a situation is the simplified assembly
hall design that many branches in Africa are benefiting from.
Here's an artist's rendition of one of the larger models of this.
And we also just received a couple pictures yesterday.
This is one that has recently been constructed in Kenya.
This one is, but it gives you an idea of what these simple tent structures are like.
They're quick to set up, but they have proper chairs, a proper stage, proper bathrooms,
but can be constructed more quickly.
And this year Angola is planning to finish at least five of those projects to help
their friends stay out of the sun in the rain.
We see Jehovah's blessing on the preaching work.
So we very much enjoy getting to know our brothers in Angola and see their hard work
and the results of Jehovah's blessing on their work.